AWS Datasources: Update grafana assume role docs to remove unnecessary flags (#101086)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/aws-authentication/index.md

It's currently only available for Amazon CloudWatch.

> To get early access this feature, reach out to Customer Support and ask for the `awsDatasourcesTempCredentials` feature toggle to be enabled on your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To gain early access to this feature, contact Customer Support and ask for the `awsDatasourcesTempCredentials` feature toggle to be enabled on your account.
```
